---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
---

Hello! I am a Ph.D. candidate at Stanford University in the [Department of Communication]([https://pages.github.com/](https://comm.stanford.edu/). I study Media Psychology as part of the [Stanford Social Media Lab](https://sml.stanford.edu/), where I am advised by [Dr. Jeffrey Hancock](https://sml.stanford.edu/people/jeff-hancock). My research is supported by the Stanford Interdisciplinary Graduate Fellowship, the Stanford Social Impact Labs, and the Haas Center's Fellowship for Public Service. My work has been published in venues such as the _Journal of Computer-Mediated Communication, Communication Research, New Media + Society, PNAS Nexus_, and the _Proceedings of the ACM Conference on Computer-Supported Cooperative Work & Social Computing (CSCW)_. **I am on the academic job market this year!**

**I study how people’s beliefs shape the dynamics of computer-mediated communication.** My research program examines how people communicate with and through technology, with an emphasis on understanding how people perceive and interpret these mediated experiences in meaningfully different ways. I integrate theories from _media psychology_ and _social cognition_ to investigate the impact of these perceptual differences on downstream psychological, behavioral, and social processes. **My research advances communication research by revealing the critical role of people’s beliefs on three domains: 1) the effects of social media use on psychological well-being, 2) responses to human-AI interaction and communication, and 3) community resilience to digital threats like misinformation.**

**I use rigorous, quantitative methods to advance these lines of inquiry.** My approach combines surveys, lab and field experiments, and analysis of digital behavioral data to comprehensively examine online communication dynamics. I _specialize in developing novel, psychometrically validated questionnaires_ that capture nuanced beliefs about technology with precision, and I design _innovative experimental paradigms_ that test the effects of these beliefs on individual, relational, and collective outcomes. Understanding the full scope of these beliefs requires the perspectives of people from diverse identities and backgrounds. Therefore, I ground my work in intensive qualitative interviews and the perspectives of non-profit partner organizations representing Black, AAPI, Latino, and Native American tribal communities. My long-term partnerships with these organizations support my commitment to **theory-driven intervention science** by building free, empirically-based interventions that both advance theorization about media effects in the real world and support diverse digital citizens at scale. 

I obtained her M.A. degree and dual B.A. degrees in Psychology and Communication from Stanford University. Outside of academia, I have worked with non-profit organizatons dedicated to supporting youth well-being, online and offline, ([My Digital Tat2](https://www.mydigitaltat2.org/)) and caring for individuals and families living with mental illness ([National Alliance for Mental Illness](namisf.org)). 
